# skopei_backend_assignment
## Backend Assignment For Skopei

Create a small RESTful API that will allow clients to execute CRUD operations on Users and
Products. Use local database to allow storing and modifying the data. You are allowed to look
up anything you might need on the internet, but don’t spend more than 4 hours on developing
this project.

### Requirements
Must haves (These are the basic tasks required to complete the assignment)
1. Create a .NET Core api project (use .NET Core 3.0)

2. Create Users controller that has the following endpoints:
a. Create a new user
b. Retrieve a list of users
c. Retrieve a single user
d. Update a user
e. Delete a user


3. Create Products controller that has the following endpoints:
a. Create a new product
b. Retrieve a list of products
c. Retrieve a single product
d. Update a product
e. Delete a product


4. Write comments across the whole project to explain what each part of the code does and/or
why was it done as such.

5. Hide any sensitive/unnecessary data for different use cases from the client.

6. Put the project in a public git repository, so we can fetch it and run it locally

### Should haves (These requirements are slightly less important, but we do expect them to be
present in the final project you deliver.)

1. Connect the API to local database and use code-first approach to migrate changes to the
database.

2. Create User table that has the following model:
a. Id: primary key, integer value that is auto generated by the database
b. Name: optional string value
c. Email: required string value, that should be an email
d. DateModified: required datetime value that has current utc time as default
e. DateCreated: required datetime value that has current utc time as default
f. Deleted: required boolean value that defaults to false

3. Create Products table that has the following model:
a. Id: primary key, integer value that is auto generated by the database
b. Name: required string value
c. Quantity: required integer value that has default 0
d. Price: required integer value (have in mind that items may have a price of €9.99)
e. DateModified: required datetime value that has current UTC time as default
f. DateCreated: required datetime value that has current UTC time as default
g. Deleted: required boolean value that defaults to false

4. Write the necessary commands to create the tables in the local database.

5. Use dependency injection to transfer data from different layers of the project.

### Nice to haves (These are optional tasks and completing them is not necessary for a
successful end result.)
1. Add swagger documentation.
2. Protect all user endpoints, except create a new user, from being accessed by not logged in
users.

